♪♪
(DEMONS ROARING)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
JACE: There she is.
Lilith.
My old friends...
...the Shadowhunters.
What brings you
to my neck of the woods?
New York too cold
this time of year?
We've come to stop you
from killing Magnus.
You?
Cute.
You're in my realm now.
Those silly blades
are nothing but toys here.
Who said we needed blades?
(SONOROUS VIBRATION)
(HOLLERING)
(SCREAMING)
(LILITH SCREECHING)
Oh, no!
JACE: He's losing
a lot of blood.
(ROARING)
Hang in there, Meliorn. OK?
Just try and relax. OK?
Nice, easy breaths.
(GROANING)
(GASPING)
I'm not ready to die...
but if I do...
at least it will be with you.
No one is dying, Meliorn.
Actually, he might die.
Sorry.
Look, we're gonna do everything
we can to prevent that. OK?
(EXHALING HEAVILY)
(SONOROUS VIBRATION)
We thought you'd be here.
Izzy!
You're OK?
Is Meliorn OK?
What happened to him?
Where's Lilith?
She's gone.
She turned into this...
enormous flying wraith.
One of her wings
sliced right through Meliorn.
We'll help.
I'll take care of the bleeding.
(SONOROUS VIBRATIONS)
I've seen Lilith
like that before,
when she stole
a sliver of my soul.
She was strong enough
to murder Ithuriel.
Where is she?
Coming for Magnus.
She wants to reopen the rift.
(DEMONIC ROARING)
Oh...
It looks as if she's found me.
(ROARING)
Not a good look on her.
Stand back.
(SONOROUS VIBRATIONS)
(ROARING)
(DEMONS ROARING)
(FIRE BLAZING)
Izzy, no! Don't!
No, stop!
(SCREECHING)
(GROANING)
CLARY: Isabelle!
ALEC: Isabelle!
MAGNUS: Izzy!
Izzy!
CLARY: We have to do something!
Magnus, heal her!
I'm trying!
SIMON: Well, try harder!
It's not working.
(IZZY GROANING)
The Heavenly Fire's stopping us.
What if I put the Alliance Rune
on Izzy?
We could bond her to all of us.
We could maybe absorb
some of the flame.
How do we know it's
not gonna fry us up?
Remember, we all have
demon blood now.
We all have Nephilim blood too.
(WHIMPERING)
JACE: Alec's right.
Let's do this.
Form a circle.
It's too dangerous.
Izzy, if it's the only way
we're gonna save your life,
we're all gonna die trying.
What are you doing?
We all need to be connected.
(METALLIC RINGING)
(GRUNTING)
Izzy...
(METALLIC RINGING)
(GROANING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING IN PAIN)
(HOLLERING)
(YELPING)
(DEMON ROARING)
(ALL BREATHING HEAVILY)
Thank the Angel you're OK.
Thank Clary.
It was all of us.
Isabelle might be OK, but...
it appears Edom
is very much not.
(CRASHING)
What's going on?
(DEMONS SCREECHING)
MAGNUS: It looks like the
Heavenly Fire destroyed Lilith,
but the chain reaction is
destroying the entire realm.
Then we should get out of here.
Wait. Don't we have
to close the rift?
There's no reason to close it
if Edom doesn't exist anymore.
(SONOROUS VIBRATION)
Come on! Hurry!
JACE: Let's go!
ALEC: Go, go, go, go!
MAGNUS: Come on!
♪ We're coming
♪ After you
♪ This is the hunt
♪ This is the hunt ♪
(TRAIN RATTLING)
(UPBEAT ELECTRONIC MUSIC)
(SIGHING)
♪ The heartache extends
around the world
♪ I can't kick the feeling
♪ Your generation
on the edge
♪ Oh, why can't they see it?
♪ Somebody show me
heart again
♪ The centuries pleading
♪ But this one I still
♪ Believe in
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ Love and hope
♪ Will never die
♪ No...
You know what's weird?
What?
That... this,
you and me, it's...
it's not weird.
I know.
It's the opposite of weird.
There only problem is that...
...I happen to have
zero skills at doing this.
Actually, I wouldn't say zero...
I mean... this,
like... relationships.
Every one that I've
been in has...
magnificently imploded,
like the Death Star.
(SIGHING)
I'm even worse.
(CHUCKING)
Why don't we try to learn
to be better... together?
♪ Sing up
♪ It's you and I
Yeah. I'd like that.
♪ Oh... ♪
(DISTANT SIREN BLARING)
Good morning.
Good morning it is.
A good morning indeed.
(CHUCKLING)
What's this?
¿You are cordially invited
to the wedding
of Alexander Gideon Lightwood
and Magnus Bane.
Tonight?
Why wait even a day longer?
After everything
we've been through,
who knows what crisis
will befall us tomorrow.
Well, I don't know, I was hoping
that maybe we could... plan.
When your wedding planner
is a warlock,
all you need is a little magic
and exquisite taste.
Ah, all right.
First up, location.
How about the Taj Mahal?
Mm-mm.
Or... Machu Picchu...
in the Temple of the Sun?
Or how about the Institute?
Right...
Because when I think romantic,
I think
of the New York Institute.
How about Ladera in St. Lucia?
Overlooking the tropical sea?
Portals will shuttle in guests,
and we can--
Magnus... just think.
The Clave would have
to honour and celebrate
a relationship between
a warlock and a Shadowhunter.
Under their own roof.
I mean, think about the message
that would send
to others like us.
All right.
The Institute it is then.
I'll send out invitations
and begin preparations.
Oh. Tuxedos?
I do like you in a tux.
Mm. Why mess with success?
What?
It's just...
all these hundreds of years...
...I can't believe
you've never been married.
(SIGHING)
Well...
I've never met anyone like you.
(FIRE CRACKLING)
They're not wasting any time.
It's happening tonight.
I can't think of a couple
more perfect for each other.
I can think of one.
Will you be my date?
Yes, Clary.
Yeah, I'll be your date.
What? What is it?
I just... wish we could
be celebrating
without Jonathan still
lurking out there.
Yeah, I know.
But there's always gonna
be demons lurking.
Edom may be gone, but there's
plenty of other hell realms
still out there.
But that doesn't mean
we can't come together
and celebrate a wedding.
It's what we fight for, right?
So we can live
and love in peace.
(BIRD CHIRPING)
You are a powerful one,
aren't you?
(CHUCKLING)
You know,
if we had a child together,
our progeny could very easily
be the most formidable creature
the world has ever known.
Imagine that.
I'd rather not.
Where are you going?
Away.
Why? I thought you were
quite comfortable here.
You gave me a moment
of pleasure, sure.
But you offer me no comfort.
Do I have to remind you
it was I who nursed you
back to health?
Who taught you
how to properly use your powers?
Everything you do
is for yourself.
You fear me, as you should,
and you want to become an ally
so you don't die
like everybody else.
You're smart.
You misunderstand, Jonathan.
I have feelings for you.
Yes, you do.
You want me to be your weapon.
I want you to be my King.
Together, we will
destroy the Shadowhunters...
...and rule the earthly realm,
side by side.
I prefer to rule alone.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(HIGH-PITCHED TONE)
Please, Jonathan... please.
You wouldn't dare hurt a child.
Have mercy!
Mercy for humans.
(GASPING)
(SCREAMING)
And I'm no longer human.
(RISING MUSIC)
(SOFT MUSIC)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR CLOSING)
I guess you've heard?
I sensed it long before
I got the invite. Alec...
Congratulations.
I'm so happy for you.
Thank you. You know, Magnus is
taking care of everything...
Right.
But there's a few things
I have to do, like...
...asking you to be my suggenes.
Again?
Again. Yeah.
Alec, of course.
Uh... there's also something
else I want to tell you.
Um...
I'm gonna be moving
into Magnus's apartment.
Oh.
That's not a problem, right?
No. I mean... there's no rule
that says the Head of Institute
has to...
has to live on site, right?
Right.
Just, um...
...don't be a stranger.
Jace...
You're my parabatai.
Wherever I go...
you're right there, next to me.
So... you're not freaked out?
Are you kidding?
Two of my favorite people
are now a couple.
I'm... I'm ecstatic.
You don't know
how much that means to me.
So... are you guys going
to the wedding together?
That's the plan.
Magnus and Alec were never
afraid to show the world
how much they loved each other.
So... I plan on following
in their footsteps.
Izzy, um...
what you did, the...
the courage that took,
going to Edom alone,
risking your life
to save Magnus,
that was... beyond heroic.
I could say the same thing
about you.
You saved my life, Clary.
(SIGHING)
What's wrong?
I have a question for you.
And... and you don't
have to answer right away.
What is it?
And if the answer is no,
I promise I won't be offended.
OK, now you're
getting me worried.
Isabelle.
Would you ever consider...
becoming my parabatai?
I was thinking of asking you
the very same thing.
(EXHALING HEAVILY) You were?
You know, I always thought
I never needed a parabatai...
that I was at my best
when I was on my own.
But that was before I met you.
Clary.
I'd like nothing more
than to have you
as my parabatai.
(SOFT MUSIC)
Wait, wait.
I thought you were a werewolf.
I was.
I mean, the former Alpha
of the New York pack
if I'm not mistaken.
No, no. You're not mistaken.
So, then what the hell is--
Luke!
Hey.
Underhill, it's OK. It's my dad.
Hi!
Luke, what happened?
Well, the Praetor
made me inject myself
with the Downworld cure, but
instead of becoming mundane,
I became what I was
before I turned.
A Shadowhunter...
Yeah. The good news is
I'm back where I belong:
working beside you, helping
mundanes and Downworlders alike.
Luke, I... I can't believe it.
I know, right?
Look, I have to portal
to Alicante for a debriefing,
but I wanted to stop by
just so you know that I'm OK.
You're better than OK.
Tell that to Alec. I gotta go
tell him that I'm gonna miss
miss his wedding.
Ooh. Good luck.
(CHUCKLING) Thanks.
(HIGH-PITCHED TONE)
Luke...
do you see that?
See what? You OK?
Yeah, I thought I saw...
You know, it's nothing.
Never mind.
I'll catch up with you
when I get back.
Mm-hmm.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(HIGH-PITCHED TONE)
(SOFT MUSIC)
(EXHALING HEAVILY)
Mom?
Hello, sweetheart.
Is that really you?
Mom!
I am so proud of you, Clary.
Of the woman you've become.
(BOTH SIGHING)
Mom... I miss you so much.
I miss you too.
More than you know.
But that's not why I'm here.
Angel Raziel sent me.
Raziel?
Why?
He believes if you'll
listen to anyone, it's me.
Those thousands of years ago,
he gave Jonathan Shadowhunter
each of his angelic runes
for a specific purpose.
Clary, the fact that you can
create your own runes
without Raziel's blessing...
Well, he does not
look kindly on that.
But... the runes I draw, Mom...
they help people.
They help Shadowhunters.
That may be true,
but you've been taking
advantage of your gifts.
You felt the Angels' resistance,
but you pushed through anyway.
When you drew your
Necromancy Rune on Valentine,
you broke a fundamental tenet...
the dead shall stay dead.
And now, this Alliance Rune...
uniting Shadowhunters
with demonic blood.
And for Raziel,
that was the last straw.
I did it to save
my friends' lives.
I understand.
Clary, your compassion is one of
the many great traits about you.
But the Angels,
they see it differently.
They perceive you as disrupting
the Natural Order.
So... (SIGHING)
So, they sent you here
to scold me?
No. No.
They sent me to tell you
not to draw another rune
of your own ever again.
What?
If you do, as quick
as they gave you your gifts,
they will take them away.
(HIGH PITCHED TONE)
But, Mom...
Mom?
(SHARP INHALE)
(SOFT CRYING)
(UPBEAT BAND MUSIC)
Mm... Not bad.
(GUSTING AIR) Mm.
(KNOCKING)
(GUSTING AIR)
Did you not eat down in Edom?
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
What can I do for you, Lorenzo?
I just came by
to pick up a few of my things.
Help yourself.
Ah, there it is.
This beauty belongs
in my chateau in Majorca.
(SONOROUS VIBRATION)
And I believe...
this sterling drink stirrer
was mine as well.
Lorenzo...
I want to thank you.
For risking your life
to help save mine.
I was just doing my part as a...
member of the warlock community.
That is all.
Alec told me how helpful
and supportive you were.
It means a lot to me.
Actually...
that trip to Edom
turned out to be...
something of an inspiration.
You know...
I never had a family.
Never thought one
was even possible.
But the way your loved ones
rallied for you,
for each other...
It showed me a family
doesn't need to be
something that you're born into.
Families can be made.
One day I hope to be
as lucky as you
in finding one of my own.
Take care, Magnus.
Lorenzo.
(EXHALING HEAVILY)
I'd like you to have this.
An invitation.
This evening?!
We didn't want to waste
any more time.
There's so much to prepare,
how can you possibly--
Magnus has it all under control.
He's taking care of everything.
In that case...
it'll be perfect.
(LAUGHING)
Oh! What am I gonna wear?
I need time to go shopping.
On that note...
I almost forgot.
Magnus wanted me
to give you this.
Oh...
Alec...
(SIGHING)
It's stunning.
There was something else
I wanted to ask you.
Of course.
I wanted to invite Dad
to the wedding.
But... before I do,
I... I just, I want to make sure
that you're OK with that--
Alec. Whatever happened
between Robert and me,
he will always be your father,
and every bit
as proud of you as I am.
(BIRDS CALLING)
I've been trying to reach the
Istanbul Institute all morning.
Has anyone in London
had any contact with them?
That's odd...
Call me if you hear anything.
(BEEPING)
I finished those weapons
inventories you asked for.
Thanks, Max.
The strings on the long bows
were too loose.
I tightened them a notch.
Good job, Son.
You know, I got your evaluations
this morning.
After everything
you've been through,
you're still the top cadet
in your class.
(SIREN BLARING)
Those are the perimeter wards.
Stay here.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
♪♪♪
Good afternoon.
Please, stop the killing.
Now, why would I do that?
Whatever it is
you want, take it.
(GRUNTING)
Look who's all grown up.
(GROANING)
I thought I told you
to stay put.
(SNARLING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(BONES CRACKING)
Oh, Shadowhunter...
You think you're tough?
Stay back, Max.
You're not as tough as I am.
Stay back!
(SOFT MUSIC)
(DOOR OPENING)
Hey, here you are.
What are you doing in here?
Just thinking.
Thinking about what?
What's going on?
You OK?
(PHONES BEEPING)
Oh no.
We've just been informed
that a string of demonic attacks
have taken place at 13
Institutes worldwide,
with massive casualties...
both mundane and Shadowhunter.
Whoever or whatever
is carrying out these attacks
is not stopping.
And there are several Institutes
currently unaccounted for.
What about Los Angeles?
Have we heard from them?
Nothing yet.
I'm going there. Right now.
(BEEPING)
Clary, can you make me a portal?
Wait. Hold up.
Look at this.
(BEEPING)
[Hello? Can you hear me?]
Dad, yes. What happened?
[Jonathan Morgenstern
attacked the L.A. Institute]
[a few minutes ago.]
I had a feeling it was him.
How many casualties?
[He killed everyone
except for me and Max.]
By the Angel...
[He only spared us
because he wanted us...]
[to take his message
directly to Clary.]
[He's taking down every
Institute in the world,]
[and he's saving
New York for last.]
Why?
[Because he wants Clary
to watch the world die...]
[knowing that it's
all her fault.]
(GUSTING WIND)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(GRUNTING)
(HONKING)
MAN: Get out
of the street, buddy!
(HONKING)
What the hell is going on?
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
(HORN BLARING)
(SCREAMING)
He's not showing any signs
of slowing down.
Denver and Chicago
have already been hit.
Hundreds of Shadowhunters
and at least 80 mundanes
have already been killed.
The news is calling it a string
of "chemical weapons attacks."
People are being told
to stay indoors.
Lorenzo and I have the warlock
community at the ready.
We're detecting a strong demonic
presence in downtown Toronto.
The same energy signature we've
seen in the other attacks.
He's heading
to the Toronto Institute.
I'll assemble a team.
Not yet!
I'm not sending anybody
on a suicide mission.
This is not the same Jonathan
as before.
He's more powerful than ever.
I can stop him. I'll go. Alone.
That's not gonna happen.
He won't hesitate to kill
any of you. He won't kill me.
Can you be sure about that?
I know my brother.
And what if you're wrong?
It's too much of a gamble.
How many more people
have to die?
I am the only one
who can end this.
Let me end it.
What happens if you get there
and you can't take him out?
He's pretty much invincible now.
Not against me.
(SIGHING) We'll be
right behind you.
We'll be there to back you up.
You come anywhere near him,
and you're all dead.
I'm going, and I'm going alone.
Then we'll watch you
on the monitors.
Anything happens,
we're coming right in.
Uh, Magnus, I'm gonna
need you to portal me in.
I've never been to Toronto.
Of course, biscuit.
Hey...
Are you sure about this?
I'm sure.
(SIREN BLARING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
HANDS ON YOUR HEAD!
FREEZE!
ON THE GROUND, NOW!
(POLICE GROANING)
(SONOROUS VIBRATIONS)
You took your time.
I'm unarmed.
I just want to talk to you.
I knew you'd come eventually.
It's kind of ironic...
considering all those years
when I needed you,
you were never there.
Well, I'm here for you now.
Please, just stop the killing--
Stay back, Clary,
or I will end you too.
I mean it.
Jonathan, you and I...
...we've always been connected.
When you were in Edom
crying out for me...
...I was dreaming about you.
You dreamt of me?
When I found out that I
actually had a brother...
...I didn't feel
so alone anymore.
I never met you...
but I felt like
I actually had a family.
And then you turned your back
on that family.
I tried not to!
I wanted to believe
in you, Jonathan.
I did.
Ever since I was
a little girl...
you were my boy in the tower.
The boy that I always
wanted to save, but...
...I never thought I could.
I guess I was right.
Please, Jonathan.
You know just as much as I do
that our family...
is our biggest source of
heartbreak.
But despite anything
you've done,
or what we've been through,
how much I wanna fight it
or wipe it away,
I will always love you.
Always.
I love you too, Clary.
(METALLIC RINGING)
(SOFT MUSIC)
Clary?
Clary...
Clary, you're hurting me.
Shh... shh...
It's OK.
I can't breathe...
It's OK...
(CRACKING)
Let me go.
I am.
(CRYING)
Ave... atque... vale.
(SORROWFUL MUSIC)
Goodbye, Jonathan.
Goodbye.
(DISTANT SIREN BLARING)
(TINKLING)
(GASPING)
No...
(RISING MUSIC)
(SOFT PIANO MUSIC)
♪ One look at you
♪ My whole life
♪ Falls in line
♪ I prayed for you
♪ Before I called you mine
♪ Oh, I can't believe
♪ It's true
♪ Sometimes
♪ No, I can't believe
♪ It's true
♪ I get to love you
♪ It's the best thing
♪ That I'll ever do
♪ I get to love you
♪ It's a promise
♪ I'm making to you
♪ Whatever may come
♪ Your heart, I will choose
♪ Forever, I'm yours
♪ Forever, I do
♪ I get to love you
(EXHALING HEAVILY)
The love I have for you...
...is a love
that knows no bounds.
In times of joy
as well as sadness...
...in sickness and health...
ALEC: I will love you
as my equal...
MAGNUS: And protect you
above all else.
ALEC: I will share with you
my truest feelings...
And when you speak,
I will listen.
I will catch you
when you fall.
And when you soar...
I will help you reach
your greatest heights.
Magnus Bane.
Alexander Gideon Lightwood.
I am and I will always be
your loving husband.
It is my honour
to pronounce you one.
♪ I get to love you
♪♪♪
♪ And they say love is a journey
♪ I promise
that I'll never leave
♪ When it's too heavy to carry
♪ Remember this moment with me ♪
♪♪♪
(TINKLING)
(EXHALING HEAVILY)
♪ I see trees of green
♪ Red roses too
♪ I see them bloom
♪ For me and you
I'm not stepping
on your feet, am I?
How could you be?
It's like I'm walking on air.
♪♪♪
I've never seen
my brother as happy
as he is when he's with Magnus.
I know the feeling.
♪ And clouds of white
Amigos...
♪ The bright blessed day
Raphael.
It's so good
to see you, Raphael.
I'm glad you two are together.
You couldn't ask
for a better man.
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
How is life as a mundane?
It's amazing.
I'm finally able to...
pursue a calling I've had
since I was a kid.
Celebrity tamale chef?
Men's tailor?
Yeah, no.
I joined the seminary.
You're gonna be priest?
One day.
But I have to get back in touch
with my God first.
I'm happy for you, Raphael.
Yeah, well...
I have a lot to repent for.
Hey, guys.
Hey!
Clary, you look
absolutely stunning.
Well, look who's talking.
Simon, can I steal you
for a minute?
Yeah, sure.
I just want you to know that...
having you as my best friend,
as kids, and...
during our adventure
in the Shadow World...
...I don't know what I would've
done without you.
Thanks, Fray.
I feel the same way.
Why does this feel like
some weird goodbye?
Can't a girl get sentimental?
Of course. By all means.
Get sentimental.
OK. Go get her.
OK.
(TINKLING)
♪ You're the best of a dreamer
♪ I'm a fan of your style
♪ You're the one
that I'm feelin'
♪ Making up for time gone by
Well, why couldn't we both
wear wedding dresses?
Or we could wear tuxes.
Yeah, Jia would love that.
Yeah, she would.
(GIGGLING)
♪ Oh my, my, my
♪ My heart is holding out
for your love
♪ My, my, my ♪
Look at you.
You have got some moves.
Well, she's not the only one
who's got some moves.
♪♪♪
A Shadowhunter complimenting
a warlock?
Andrew Underhill.
Lorenzo Rei.
It's a pleasure.
So, what do I call you?
Whatever you want, Max.
How about... brother?
Sounds like a plan.
Since we're all together...
there's something
I wanted to tell you.
I'll admit it's a bit awkward.
It's about Luke...
That you guys are a thing?
Uh, yeah... it's been
very obvious.
It has?
Yeah. We think it's great.
We all do.
I'm so happy you feel that way.
Maryse, you and Luke are...
You're meant for each other.
Thank you.
That means a lot, Clary.
Clary.
I want you to know...
no one will ever replace
your mom in Luke's eyes.
Maryse, um...
do you think the Angels are
capable of forgiveness?
What's this about? Jonathan?
Well...
As my mother used to say...
...the Angels work
in mysterious ways.
I suppose anything is possible.
Hey. Mind if I borrow her?
Of course.
Thank you.
♪ I'm not the same
(SIGHING)
♪ So I'll say my prayer
♪♪♪
♪ Now I'm drowning in the bottle
♪ That I couldn't wake up
You know...
being at this wedding,
it's made me think.
I was brought up to believe
I had to be perfect.
♪ I must be dreaming
A perfect warrior...
a perfect soldier...
...a perfect son.
Even when I came to live
with the Lightwoods,
I believed that
if I wasn't perfect...
...they'd send me away.
I didn't think anyone...
could love me unconditionally.
No matter what mistakes I made.
And then you showed up.
And you broke everything
I believed into pieces.
I'm sorry.
Oh, don't be.
You're the best thing that ever
happened to me, Clary Fairchild.
Every single cell
in my body loves you.
And when those cells die,
and new ones are born,
those cells love you even more.
So, Jace...
...no matter what happens,
my love for you
will never die.
Hey. Hey...
Are you all right?
I love you.
♪♪♪
♪ I must be dreaming
I am. I'm gonna go get some air.
OK?
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
♪♪♪
(CRYING)
I love you too.
♪ I must be dreaming ♪
(TINKLING)
(SOFT MUSIC)
CLARY: By the time
you read this letter,
my memories of you
and the Shadow World
will be gone...
It was the price
the Angels made me pay
for the runes I've created.
But I have no regrets.
Even if I don't
remember you...
you will always be in my heart.
(CRYING)
(TINKLING)
(DISTANT SIRENS BLARING)
(SOFT MUSIC)
Come in.
Mr. Inquisitor.
How was Brazil?
Humid.
My mother hates humidity.
Oh, but she loves the beaches.
Have you ever seen your mom
on a paddle board?
She is a vision.
Luke... thank you.
Yeah.
You know, I never thought
I'd see the day...
deputized Downworlders, working
hand in hand with Shadowhunters.
It's amazing.
The Clave has come a long way.
Thanks to you.
I had a little help.
(SOFT RHYTHMIC MUSIC)
Hmm... wards repair?
Yeah, I'm pretty
booked up, but...
I think I might be able
to fit something in.
Everyone's been recalibrating
their wards lately
to allow for Downworlders.
Ah... huh.
How about Tuesday at 3PM?
See you then, sir.
How is the High Warlock
of Alicante?
Mm, much better,
now that you're here.
Thirsty?
You read my mind.
(PHONE BUZZING)
ALEC: Busier than ever, I see.
It's been ringing off the hook
like that all day.
But I have much better things
to do.
To us.
(INDIE ROCK MUSIC)
♪ You don't remember when
Is it too rich?
No.
No, it's really good.
Well, we have 17 varieties
of reds on the menu.
I just wanted something that
would get vampires excited
about coming to
a former werewolf haunt.
Yeah. Definitely.
So, you actually,
you own the place now?
Yeah, the paperwork
just came back.
I had hoped it would be sooner,
but turns out, you know,
being Alpha of a growing
wolf pack doesn't leave a lot
of time for opening
a restaurant.
Well, I know one thing.
Seelies are gonna love those,
the ¿Guppies on a bed
of water-lily.
I mean, I think they will.
Ah, if they don't love it,
I will find something
that they do love.
The whole point of this place
is bringing vampires,
werewolves, Seelies
and warlocks together,
so that they can put aside
their differences
and enjoy a good meal.
Yeah...
I still don't get
the name, though.
Why Taki's? Tah-ki's?
I used to have a golden
retriever named "Tah-ki"...
"Tah-ki."
...when I was a kid,
and he would eat anything.
What about you?
How's your book coming along?
Ooh! I finally came up
with a title:
"Unseen World:
The Divine Implements."
By Ezekiel J. Russo.
Ooh! Nice pen name.
I wish I could use
my name, though.
Clary would be really excited
to see that the, uh...
graphic novel we started
working on so long ago
was finally finished.
I bet she would also
be excited about this...
I wish she could try it,
tell me what she thinks.
Hey Simon, I have that to-go
order for you.
I threw in one of Maia's
homemade cookies.
They're the best.
Thank you. That reminds me.
I've gotta go.
I'm gonna be late.
OK.
(MAIA CHUCKLING)
(DOOR OPENING)
What about the Shax demons
in Chelsea?
Banished without incident.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
And the Devraks in Long Island?
Ah... the hunt continues.
Don't stop until they're gone.
Is that clear?
Yes, Ma'am.
Dinner has arrived.
Sorry I'm late.
You are too sweet.
Careful. If anyone sees
the Head of Institute
kissing one of her
Downworld Deputies,
there could be some trouble.
I'll take my chances.
And you better get going.
You know your trainer doesn't
like it when you're late.
(SIGHING)
And Head of Institute or not,
I can't pull any more strings
for you.
OK.
(RHYTHMIC MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
If you would've
let me use vamp speed
I would have beat you
the very first time.
You gotta learn
how to fight correctly first.
It's not all about speed.
Boop boop.
♪♪♪
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
When will you let me
use real swords?
When you can beat me
with sticks.
You mean... today?
Boop boop.
(GRUNTING)
Ha!
Maybe not.
I gotta say...
all that work is paying off.
If any other Shadowhunter
was training you,
you'd have beaten them by now.
What?
You've been sneaking out
at night to...
keep tabs on her again,
haven't you?
No.
Jace, I've seen you.
What? What have you seen me?
Go to her apartment, her school.
I have vamp speed, remember?
Look...
It's not a problem.
She doesn't have
the sight anymore, and...
I'm always glamoured--
No, Jace, it... it is a problem.
How many times do we
have to do this?
Look, it takes every ounce
of willpower that I have
not to check up on her myself.
But there's nothing we can do.
Her Shadow World memories
are gone.
She doesn't remember us.
You read the note that she left.
Anything we do
to try to change it...
it's against the will
of the Angel,
and it could make it worse.
You know, I pray every day...
...every day to the Angels
that they will see
that our love
is stronger than their spite.
I know how much you're hurting.
But she'd want you to move on.
To find someone else.
There is no one else.
You have to let her be, Jace.
You have to.
(UPBEAT ELECTRONIC MUSIC)
I love this.
Are all of your works abstract?
Most of them.
It's like I have these...
feelings and stories inside
that are trying to surface,
but I... can't quite
make them out.
So, the closest I can do
is paint the feelings.
Well, whatever you're doing,
keep doing it.
CLARY: Thank you for coming.
♪ I can see the future
Sorry, I didn't mean
to spook you.
You can see me?
Yeah, of course I can see you.
♪ Dive into a world I know
♪ Take my hand
♪ And follow me
♪ Into the sun
♪ There's no end in sight
HEY!
HEY! I'm talking to you!
♪ This is where we come alive
Don't I know you?
From somewhere?
♪ I can feel it rising
No. I don't think so--
No, I do.
I... I definitely do. I...
♪ Shaking the horizon
You're Jace.
Right?
♪ Dive into a world I know
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah, I... I'm Jace.
I'm... I'm Clary. Um...
♪ There's no end in sight
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Ooh, ooh
♪ This is where we come alive
What are these tattoos
on your neck?
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ This is where we come alive
♪ Out of the shadows
♪ And into the light
♪ Braving the unknown
♪ This is where we come alive
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Out of the shadows
♪ And into the light
♪ Braving the unknown
♪ This is where we come alive ♪
♪♪♪